README.md, before:

# AO3 Site Skin: *neos*

A site skin that gives AO3 a slightly modernized, semi-flat look. It also fixes some bugs and usability issues. Available in several dark and light mode variants.

Visit the [AO3 work](https://archiveofourown.org/works/65849527) for instructions.

## Features
- Slimmed down header
- Sticky dashboard (desktop only) and sticky filters
- Custom content icons and stats icons
- Color-coded tags
- Improved tablet and mobile compatibility

## Themes

| Powder & Pink | Dusky Dark Purple | Tumblr Blue |
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |
| ![User bookmarks page with the Powder & Pink theme](/../main/images/preview_desktop_bookmarks_powder-pink.png) | ![User bookmarks page with the Dusky Dark Purple theme](/../main/images/preview_desktop_bookmarks_dusky-dark-purple.png) | ![User bookmarks page with the Tumblr Blue theme](/../main/images/preview_desktop_bookmarks_tumblr-blue.png) |

 Black & White | Midnight Black | ... |
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |
| ![User bookmarks page with the Black & White theme](/../main/images/preview_desktop_bookmarks_black-white.png) | ![User bookmarks page with the Midnight Black theme](/../main/images/preview_desktop_bookmarks_midnight-black.png) | ![Blank image](/../main/images/blank.png) |

Find more previews in the [images folder](/../main/images).

Commit message:

Various improvements + add "AO3 Default Colors" theme
Introduces a new AO3 Default Colors theme with corresponding CSS and preview images. Refactors theme CSS filenames, updates icon and gradient handling across themes. Also includes minor CSS improvements.

README.md, after:

# AO3 Site Skin: *neos*

A site skin that gives AO3 a slightly modernized, semi-flat look. It also fixes some bugs and usability issues. Available in several dark and light mode variants.

Visit the [AO3 work](https://archiveofourown.org/works/65849527) for instructions.

## Features
- Slimmed down header
- Sticky dashboard (desktop only) and sticky filters
- Custom content icons and stats icons
- Color-coded tags
- Improved tablet and mobile compatibility

## Themes

| Theme Name         | Preview Image |
| ------------------ | ------------- |
| Powder & Pink      | ![User bookmarks page with the Powder & Pink theme](/../main/images/preview_desktop_bookmarks_powder-pink.png) |
| Dusky Dark Purple  | ![User bookmarks page with the Dusky Dark Purple theme](/../main/images/preview_desktop_bookmarks_dusky-dark-purple.png) |
| Tumblr Blue        | ![User bookmarks page with the Tumblr Blue theme](/../main/images/preview_desktop_bookmarks_tumblr-blue.png) |
| Black & White      | ![User bookmarks page with the Black & White theme](/../main/images/preview_desktop_bookmarks_black-white.png) |
| Midnight Black     | ![User bookmarks page with the Midnight Black theme](/../main/images/preview_desktop_bookmarks_midnight-black.png) |
| AO3 Default Colors | ![User bookmarks page with the AO3 Default Colors theme](/../main/images/preview_desktop_bookmarks_ao3-default-colors.png) |

Find more previews in the [images folder](/../main/images).
